DNS & IP cleaner fix (move from bash to golang cleaners) (#884)
kyma-project/test-infra: development/tools/cmd/dnscleaner/README.md

# IP release

## Overview

> This command finds and removes ips created by the `kyma-gke-long-lasting` job in a Google Cloud Platform (GCP) project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command finds and removes IPs created by the `kyma-gke-long-lasting` job in a Google Cloud Platform (GCP) project.
```

The `kyma-gke-long-lasting` job creates a GKE cluster to install and test Kyma.

## Usage

For safety reasons, the dry-run mode is the default one.
To run it, use:
```bash
env GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS={path to service account file} go run main.go \
    --project={gcloud project name} \
    --zone={gcloud zone} \
    --name={resource name} \
    --address={address of the resource}
```

To turn the dry-run mode off, use:
```bash
env GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS={path to service account file} go run main.go \
    --project={gcloud project name} \
    --zone={gcloud zone} \
    --name={resource name} \
    --address={address of the resource} \
    --dryRun=false
```

### Flags

See the list of available flags:

| Name                      | Required | Description                                                                                          |
| :------------------------ | :------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **--project**             |   Yes    | GCP project name

Reviewer: Please capitalize all the values of the Required column (YES/NO).

| **--zone**                |   Yes    | GCP zone name
| **--name**                |   Yes    | GCP DNS resource name
| **--address**             |   Yes    | GCP resource's attached IP

> | **--rtype**               |    No    | DNS Record Type to search for, default: A

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--rtype**               |    No    | DNS Record Type to search for. The default value is `A`.
```

> | **--ttl**                 |    No    | TTL of the resource, default: 300

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--ttl**                 |    No    | TTL of the resource. The default value is `300`.
```

> | **--maxAttempts**         |    No    | Maximum number of retries in the backoff, default: 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--maxAttempts**         |    No    | Maximum number of retries in the backoff. The default value is `3`.
```

> | **--backoff**             |    No    | Initial backoff in seconds for the first retry, will increase after this, default: 5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--backoff**             |    No    | Initial backoff in seconds for the first retry. The backoff will increase after this time. The default value is `5`.
```

> | **--dryRun**              |    No    | The boolean value that controls the dry-run mode. It defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--dryRun**              |    No    | The boolean value that controls the dry-run mode. The default value is `true`.
```

> | **--dryRun**              |    NO    | The boolean value that controls the dry-run mode. The default is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--dryRun**              |    NO    | The boolean value that controls the dry-run mode. The default value is `true`.
```
